HtmlEditor: repaint method update (#5530)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/Widget/3 Methods/repaint().md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Renders the component anew without reloading data. Use the method to update the component's markup and appearance on the fly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renders the component again without reloading data. Use the method to update the component's markup and appearance dynamically.
```
